ways that you can build trust between your team members is by trying to
do team events that make every individual rely on each other and as
the team as a whole. So try and come up with, you know, different
ideas, solutions, exercises, go out and do team events to build that
camaraderie, that unit cohesion between your team. Not everyone's always
gonna get along with everyone that they work with within their
team or platoon or department, But they need to know that when it's
it's time for work, it's time for mission that they all can trust one
another. And the best way to do that is through some unit cohesion
building, you know, examples or exercises. And a lot of times adversity
really builds that trust is well, and you can put a team through
something that is that everyone had to deal with, which was a very
stressful situation. People come out of that with the same kind of
mutual understanding because they all experienced that same stressful
situation, and that's gonna build some trust amongst your team members
in the team as a whole